add doc on how to use target name in hiera paths (#2136)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/applying_manifest_blocks.md

`hiera.yaml` at `$BOLTDIR/data`. For configfile examples, see [Configuring
Hiera](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/hiera_config_yaml_5.html).

> The target name is made available to hiera via the `certname` key of the `$trusted` top level Puppet variable, ie `$trusted['certname']`. This can be interpolated in hierarchy paths within `$BOLTDIR/hiera.yaml` using `%{trusted.certname}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: The target name is made available to Hiera as `trusted.certname`. You can learn more about [interpolating variables into Hiera config here](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/latest/hiera_merging.html#interpolate_puppet_variable).
```
